Tsavo West Inc
6708 Harney Road, Tampa, Florida 33610

Payment

$18/hour to $20/hour based on experience
Pay Structure: Combination of Fixed and Per Stop

Payday: Friday


Schedule

10 Hours
Start time for Driver: 07:30 AM

Typical Miles Driven each day: 150 Miles

Work Schedules: 4 days work schedule including 1 weekend and 1-2 days overtime available

Additional Information: Stop bonus and Safety bonus available

A day in the life of a FedEx Ground ISP driver

Job Description
Tsavo West Inc, is currently seeking reliable and responsible Delivery Drivers to join our team. As a delivery driver, you will be an essential part of our operations, responsible for delivering packages to our valued customers in a safe and timely manner. Your dedication and excellent customer service skills will contribute to our commitment to providing outstanding service to our clients and help you traverse your journey from being a seasonal driver to a Permanent one in due course.
This position is ideal for those who enjoy the freedom of the open road, take pride in providing exceptional customer service, and are comfortable working independently in a fast-paced environment. 

**No CDL License Required **
Responsibilities:

Safely operate a company-provided delivery vehicle to deliver packages to designated locations.

Ensure timely and accurate delivery of products, maintaining their condition upon arrival. 

Load and unload packages.

Plan and follow the most efficient route for timely deliveries while adhering to traffic laws and safety regulations.

Verify the accuracy of packages and ensure proper documentation for each delivery.

Provide exceptional customer service by being polite, professional, and accommodating during deliveries.

Collaborate with the dispatch team to optimize delivery schedules and communicate any delays or issues promptly.

Maintain the cleanliness of the delivery vehicle.

Report any vehicle malfunctions, accidents, or traffic violations to the supervisor immediately.

Adhere to company policies and procedures regarding delivery operations and safety protocols.

Represent the organization in a positive manner at all times, maintaining a professional image.

Qualifications:

Must be 21 Years or above.

High school diploma or equivalent.

Valid driver's license with a clean driving record.

Must be able to clear Pre-employment Background and Drug Screening.

Prior experience with courier services is a plus.

Strong knowledge of traffic laws and safety regulations.

Excellent time management and organizational skills.

Ability to work independently and handle multiple tasks effectively.

Good communication skills and a customer-oriented approach.

Ability to lift packages up 150 Ibs bending, lifting, and manoeuvring in and out of delivery truck to Front door or access point of delivery address.

Benefits:

Weekly Pay
Paid Training
Stop bonus
Safety bonus available
PTO
Health insurance and Aflac's supplemental insurance options
Dental, Vision, and Disability coverage.
Work Schedule: 5 days a week including 1 weekend

Terminal Address: 6708 Harney Rd, Tampa, FL 33610, USA

Military, and Veteran applicants are strongly encouraged to apply.


Why Join Us? This role offers you the opportunity to work independently, master the operation of a box truck, and deliver excellent customer service. If you have a passion for driving, enjoy the challenge of navigating busy routes, and are committed to making timely deliveries, we encourage you to apply and become a valued member of our team. 

Training

$15/hour for 1-2 weeks Training

Incentives

Stop bonus, safety bonus

Vacation/ Sick Time

5 days PTO after 90 days of FT employment

Other Benefits

Comprehensive health insurance and Aflac's supplemental insurance options, which includes accident, critical illness, dental, vision, and disability coverage.

Additional Information

Opportunities for overtime
